This is a simple report on Superstore Sales data extracted from Kaggle

Dataset Reference : https://www.kaggle.com/code/aaronlikevis/superstore-data-visualization-with-power-bi/input

This report is focused on usage of measures and various DAX calculations on the sample dataset. It consists of 2 sheets - Orders (5899 Rows, 19 Columns) & Returns (800 Rows & 2 Columns)


Operations performed in Power Query:
------------------------------------
1. Change the data type of required fields
2. Remove and Reoder columns
3. Added custom columns to differentiate "Profit", "Loss", "Break Even"
4. Custom column - "Production Cost", calculated using the available data fields
5. Added custom column - "Profit Percentage" & "Loss Percentage", calculated using available fields
6. Change respective data types



DAX Calculations:
-----------------
* Calculated Tables: For "users in 2019", "Grouping sales by region and product name", "Customers ordered a single product"
* Measures:

Top 3 customers with max Profit
Top 3 customers contributed to max Loss
Top 4 customers by Sale value
Sales % contribution for each customer
Average Sale per customer
Customers who only ordered a single product
Unique customers who contributed to Loss
Repeated customers from 2019 to 2020
Total new customers in 2020
Total Returns
Region Sale contribution
Sales % by region contributed to Loss
Returns % by region
Top 3 profitable products
Top 3 product Loss
Top Break Even products
Product Profit %
Top 5 product sale contribution
Distinct products
Distinct Orders
Inventory count        
Total Returned products
Total returned Orders
Calculated column to extract YEAR from ORDER ID
Return Orders Contribution by country




Visualization:
--------------
* Used New Card design to display values
* Used slciers for state, Region, City, Date to filter the report
* Used buttons to navigate to different pages in the report 
* Used bar charts to present the sales by each quarter
* Used Pie chart to present the customers by YEAR
* Used MATRIX to visualise the measure with corresponding fields

Note:
----
1. Used "Edit Interactions" to restrict the filters which are being applied on some of the visuals in the same page. This was accomplished by disabling the respective visual from being filtered
2. Canvas page dimensions were custom specified to create a page required for creation of report